dumpling-overview: Suggest 256 MB or less as file size (#5328)
pingcap/docs: dumpling-overview.md

The exported file is stored in the `./export-<current local time>` directory by default. Commonly used options are as follows:

- `-o` is used to select the directory where the exported files are stored.

> - `-F` option is used to specify the maximum size of a single file (the unit here is `MiB`; inputs like `5GiB` or `8KB` are also acceptable). It is advised to keep this 256 MB or less if you plan to use lightning to load this into a TiDB instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-F` option is used to specify the maximum size of a single file (the unit here is `MiB`; inputs like `5GiB` or `8KB` are also acceptable). It is recommended to keep its value to 256 MiB or less if you plan to use TiDB Lightning to load this file into a TiDB instance.
```
